# Anki deck for learning members of British Parliament

This is a script for generating an [Anki](https://ankiweb.net/) deck with information about members of the British Parliament.

It uses the [Members API](https://members-api.parliament.uk/index.html) to find the name, constituency, current Government or Opposition post, and portrait (where available) of each current member. 

## Usage

`python parliament.py`

The simplest invocation looks up every member of the House of Commons and writes their data to a CSV file called `output.csv`, which can then be imported to Anki.

The argument `--delay` changes the delay (in milliseconds) between requests to the API. Please maintain a reasonable delay, so as not to subject [parliament.uk](parliament.uk) to a barrage of requests in too short a space of time.

Run `python parliament.py --help` to see the full range of command line arguments.

## Updating

The set of members in Parliament changes over time. Members might be swapped out individually in by-elections, or in large groups in general elections. If you've been using a deck generated by this script and you want to keep up to date with changes, you can do the following:

1. Export your deck from Anki (in the desktop version, click the gear next to the name of the deck, and in the export menu, choose to export as 'Notes in plain text' and 'Include HTML and media references');
2. Run `python parliament.py --input "/path/to/export.csv"`;
3. Import the newly generated CSV file into Anki;
4. Use the 'Empty cards' tool in Anki to delete notes with no cards.

In step 2, the script compares the set of members in your existing deck to the fresh set provided by the API. Members in your deck that are no longer current members are exported with their CurrentMember field set to blank. The Anki cards use [conditional formatting](https://docs.ankiweb.net/templates/generation.html#conditional-replacement) to blank out the front side of every card if the CurrentMember field is blank, which allows you to easily remove them (step 4).

